chore: Upgrade Docusaurus to 3.7.x (#52636)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/july_2024.md

## Platform Releases

> - [Workloads](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/42947) have been released with Airbyte Helm Chart `0.390.0`, which provides a more scalable and reliable architecture to run sync jobs by separating scheduling and orchestration from data movement tasks. This improvement unlocks more automated management of workloads by managing job spikes and enables horizonal scaling (for Cloud and Enterprise users). Read more about the Workloads feature in our [docs](/using-airbyte/core-concepts/jobs#workloads) or [blog post](https://airbyte.com/blog/introducing-workloads-how-airbyte-1-0-orchestrates-data-movement-jobs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Workloads](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/discussions/42947) have been released with Airbyte Helm Chart `0.390.0`, which provides a more scalable and reliable architecture to run sync jobs by separating scheduling and orchestration from data movement tasks. This improvement unlocks more automated management of workloads by managing job spikes and enables horizonal scaling (for Cloud and Enterprise users). Read more about the Workloads feature in our [docs](/understanding-airbyte/jobs) or [blog post](https://airbyte.com/blog/introducing-workloads-how-airbyte-1-0-orchestrates-data-movement-jobs).
```

- Source S3 has become faster! With CDK 2.0, the protocol now uses Pydantic V2 and removes the serialization of each record. As connectors are updated to the new CDK version, additional connectors will see varying levels of speed improvements. 

> - Destination Redshift (v3.3.0) and Snowflake (v3.11.0) support [Refreshes](/operator-guides/workload-scheduling), which reduces data downtime when resyncing historical data. They join BigQuery in also supporting [Resumable Full Refresh](https://airbyte.com/blog/resumable-full-refresh-building-resilient-systems-for-syncing-data), which ensures the success of large Full Refresh syncs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destination Redshift (v3.3.0) and Snowflake (v3.11.0) support [Refreshes](/operator-guides/refreshes), which reduces data downtime when resyncing historical data. They join BigQuery in also supporting [Resumable Full Refresh](https://airbyte.com/blog/resumable-full-refresh-building-resilient-systems-for-syncing-data), which ensures the success of large Full Refresh syncs.
```

## Announcements

> - As we prepare to deprecate Docker Compose, we published a [migration guide](/using-airbyte/getting-started/migration-guide#docker-compose) for those migrating from Docker Compose to abctl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As we prepare to deprecate Docker Compose, we published a [migration guide](https://airbyte.com/blog/understand-and-troubleshoot-your-migration-to-abctl) for those migrating from Docker Compose to abctl.
```
